#summary June 2010 Changelog

= Introduction =

This is a reverse-chronological log of things we've done on this project for the month of June 2010. Think of it as a journal of changes and features. An attempt at non-email-based institutional memory.

= Details =
== June 6, 2010 ==
  * released github data
----
== June 4, 2010 ==
=== Web Site ===
  * megan finished database schema and posted on flossmole.org
  * tigris and github still collecting
----
== June 3, 2010 ==
=== Collectors ===
  * Carter has run launchpad and is working on parsers now
  * Megan restarted github (repaired table) and restarted Tigris last night.

=== Teragrid Backup ===
  * Megan on Teragrid repaired the fm_project_authors, fm_project_trove, debian_project_indexes_stable, debian_project_indexes_testing, debian_project_indexes_unstable, sf_project_indexes.

=== Database Admin ===
  * Megan repaired github table locally after grid0 crash and subsequent table crash.

=== Web Site ===
  * Megan started working on the schema documentation. Ugh. Now I see why I waited a year in between schema updates. What a pain.
----
== June 2, 2010 ==
=== Collectors ===
  * Grid0 crashed yesterday, but being out of town Megan did not notice it right away, so the run was interrupted. Got it back up and running. Github is producing errors now about mysql index files needing to be repaired. Tigris is back up and running.
  * Carter is working on Launchpad. We've decided to abandon collection of "all developers" since there is not a short way to get a list of all devs on a project other than by looking in the code commits. Instead, we will grab 'person' records from the RDF and declare this good enough, also some projects list "top 5 committers".
----