#summary List of changes for September 2011
= Introduction =

This is a list of stuff we've done in September 2011

= Details =
==September 5, 2011==
 * released tigris
 * released github
 * think about what to do about Teragrid index releases. Right now I am using the datamart sql files to populate Teragrid. I'll need to write scripts to upload the index files there also. This is quite large.
==September 2, 2011==
 * released rubyforge
 * released alioth
 * created new tables at teragrid alioth
 * need a way to upload indexes (not in datamarts) to teragrid automatically - write this!
==September 1, 2011==
 * updated all Objectweb code (c) statements and database connection info
 * asked Joel to update perl modules on grid6 for collectors (needs XML/Parser.pm, LWP/Simple.pm), and java interpreter
 * released ObjectWeb, Free Software Foundation, Savannah code to Google Code
 * updated Savannah database connection info & file
 * Tigris: ran SQL creates from this file (http://flossmole.googlecode.com/svn/FLOSSmoleTigris/creates.sql)
 * deprecated tg prefix tables to have prefix "old". New tigris tables all start with "tig". Did this on both PROD and TEST.
 * asked Carter about small possible bug with tigris collector - developers not getting written to database
 * removed old Tigris and Alioth runs from test database
 * added code to Objectweb/FSF/Savannah/Rubyforge to automatically update to Teragrid after Google Code. Nice! save a step...
 * opened new feature request to add a README to Debian Metrics package.