#summary About the FLOSSmole Community

= Introduction =

A number of resources are available for communicating with the FLOSSmole developers and with the community of open source researchers that use FLOSSmole:
  * [http://sourceforge.net/mail/?group_id=119453 Our mailing list] - low volume, but come join the conversation!
  * [http://ossmole.sf.net Our blog]
  * This wiki

== Citing FLOSSmole ==
Here's how to cite FLOSSmole data:

Howison, J., Conklin, M., & Crowston, K. (2006). FLOSSmole: A collaborative repository for FLOSS research data and analyses. _International Journal of Information Technology and Web Engineering_, 1(3), 17–26.

All original data is copyright of its owners.

== Related projects (external links) ==
  * [http://www.nd.edu/%7Eoss/Data/data.html Sourceforge.net Research Data Archive] (Notre Dame) - Sourceforge data for academic and scholarly researchers
  * [http://flossmetrics.org/ FLOSSmetrics] - collection of deep data about a growing number of FLOSS projects
  * [http://www.swik.net Swik] - a wiki for open source projects. Uses FLOSSmole data to seed the list of projects.
  * [http://www.krugle.com Krugle] - Krugle is a source code search engine. They use FLOSSmole data to seed their project repository.
  * [http://sourcekibitzer.org SourceKibitzer] - SourceKibitzer is a software engineering analytics database for java code development. They use FLOSSmole data and contribute their metrics back to FLOSSmole on a monthly basis.
  * [http://frdcsa.onshore.net/frdcsa/internal/cso/index.html CSO] - used FLOSSmole data to seed an open source ontology.

==Research papers==
Here are some research papers that talk about FLOSSmole or which have used FLOSSmole data. If you have a paper or project that uses FLOSSmole data, please let the community know (email is fine) and we'll add your project here.
  * Conklin, M. (2007). Project entity matching across FLOSS repositories. In _Proceedings of the 3rd International Conference on Open Source Systems._ Limerick, Ireland. June 11-14, 2007. pp. 45-57.
  * Conklin, M. (2007). Motives and Methods for Quantitative FLOSS Research. In _Handbook of Research on Open Source Software: Technological, Economic, and Social Perspectives_. (K. St. Amant and B. Still, Eds.) Idea Group Publishing. Chapter XXII. pp 282-293.
  * Conklin, M. (2006). Beyond low-hanging fruit: Seeking the next generation in FLOSS data mining. In _Proc. 2nd Intl. Conf. on Open Source Systems (OSS2006)_. Como, Italy. June 8-10, 2006. pp. 47-57.
  * Conklin, M., Howison, J., and Crowston, K. (2005). Collaboration Using OSSmole: A repository of FLOSS data and analyses. In _Proc. of the Workshop on Mining Software Repositories at the 27th International Conference on Software Engineering (MSR2005 at ICSE2005)_. St. Louis, Missouri, USA. May 17, 2005. pp. 1-5.
  * Crowston, K. and Howison, J. (2006). Assessing the health of open source communities. _IEEE Computer_, 39(5). 89-91.
  * Das, A. and Wasserman, A. (2007). Using FLOSSmole data in determining Business Readiness Ratings. In _Proc. 2nd Workshop on Public Data about Software Development (WoPDaSD2007)_. Limerick, Ireland. June 14, 2007.
  * De Groot, A., Kugler, S., Adams, P.J., Gousios, G. (2006). Call for quality: Open source software quality observation. In _Proc. 2nd Intl. Conf. on Open Source Systems (OSS2006)_. Como, Italy. June 8-10, 2006.
  * English, R. and Schweik, C.M. (2007). Identifying Success and Tragedy of FLOSS Commons: A Preliminary Classification of Sourceforge.net Projects. In _Proc. 1st Intl. Workshop on Emerging Trends in FLOSS Research and Development (at ICSE 2007)_. Minneapolis, MN, USA. May 21, 2007.
  * Howison, J., Conklin, M., Crowston, K. (2006). FLOSSmole: A collaborative repository for FLOSS research data and analyses. _International Journal of Information Technology and Web Engineering. 1(3)_. July-September, 2006. pp 17-26.
  * Howison, J., Conklin, M., Crowston, K. (2005). OSSmole: A Collaborative Repository for FLOSS Research Data and Analyses. In _Proc. 1st Intl. Conf. on Open Source Systems_. Genova, Italy. July 10-15, 2005. pp. 54-59.
  * Reichle, M. and Hanft, A. (2006). The FLOSSWALD Information System on Free and Open Source Software. In _Proc. 9th Intl. Workshop on Learning Software Organizations (LSO2007)_. October 9-11, 2006.
  * Samolades, I., Bibi, S., Stamelos, I., Sowe, S., Deligiannis, I. (2007). A preliminary analysis of publicly available FLOSS measurements: Towards discovering maintainability trends. In _Proc. 2nd Workshop on Public Data about Software Development (WoPDaSD2007)_. Limerick, Ireland. June 14, 2007.
  * Schweik, C. and English, R. (2007). Tragedy of the FOSS commons? Investigating the institutional designs of free/libre and open source software. _First Monday_, 12(2). http:_www.firstmonday.org/issues/issue12_2/schweik/index.html